a web exclusive I have no such a loner
I'm a lawyer international lawyer I am
yes ambassador for many international
charities would be totally surprised to
meet you discover my time every day I
think we were to discover something and
every situation is so different so I and
that sometimes we have good surprise and
as I where were surprised so I'm looking
forward to see varies any challenge
there well they do usually for me
because I'm very are very bad
technological so I'm all my different
ipods and have all can mix / of of music
other geeky from across rock classical
and make sure it's a very terrible names
because i do know the new music but i
never remember their names inver need to
be stuck in elevator to happen well over
the sound charmi a nice man one of the
dancer